README.md, before:

# Codility.Sharp
Keeping track of my solutions to Codility's problems. All implemented in C#.

[![.NET Build & Test](https://github.com/JCallico/coditily/actions/workflows/dotnet_build_and_test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JCallico/coditily/actions/workflows/dotnet_build_and_test.yml)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/JCallico/coditily/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JCallico/coditily/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml)
[![DevSkim](https://github.com/JCallico/coditily/actions/workflows/devskim-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JCallico/coditily/actions/workflows/devskim-analysis.yml)

## ThreeLetters
Given two integers A and B, return a string which contains A letters "a" and B letters "b" with no three consecutive letters being the same.

[Solution (Score 100%)](src/Exercises/ThreeLetters/Solution.cs)

[Alternate solution (Score 46)](src/Exercises/ThreeLettersRecursive/Solution.cs)

## DisappearingPairs
Reduce a string containing instances of the letters "A", "B" and "C" via the following rule: remove one occurrence of "AA", "BB" or "CC".

[Solution (Score 83%)](src/Exercises/DisappearingPairsSimple/Solution.cs)

[Alternate solution (Score 83%)](src/Exercises//DisappearingPairs/Solution.cs)

## StrSymmetryPoint
Find a symmetry point of a string, if any.

[Solution (Score 100%)](src/Exercises/StrSymmetryPoint/Solution.cs)

## TreeHeight
Compute the height of a binary tree.

[Solution (Score 100%)](src/Exercises/TreeHeight/Solution.cs)

## ArrayInversionCount
Compute number of inversion in an array.

[Solution (Score 100%)](src/Exercises/ArrayInversionCount/Solution.cs)

## ParkingBill
Given two strings representing times of entry and exit from a car parking lot, find the cost of the ticket according to the given billing rules.

[Solution (Score 100%)](src/Exercises/ParkingBill/Solution.cs)

## ParityDegree
Find the highest power of 2 that divides N.

[Solution (Score 100%)](src/Exercises/ParityDegree/Solution.cs)

## Disclaimer:
* Answers are my own and are published here as a way to keep track of them.
* Tests are copyrighted by Codility Limited.

Commit message:

Add TennisTournament section to README.md with problem description and solution link

README.md, after:

# Codility.Sharp
Keeping track of my solutions to Codility's problems. All implemented in C#.

[![.NET Build & Test](https://github.com/JCallico/coditily/actions/workflows/dotnet_build_and_test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JCallico/coditily/actions/workflows/dotnet_build_and_test.yml)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/JCallico/coditily/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JCallico/coditily/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml)
[![DevSkim](https://github.com/JCallico/coditily/actions/workflows/devskim-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JCallico/coditily/actions/workflows/devskim-analysis.yml)

## ThreeLetters
Given two integers A and B, return a string which contains A letters "a" and B letters "b" with no three consecutive letters being the same.

[Solution (Score 100%)](src/Exercises/ThreeLetters/Solution.cs)

[Alternate solution (Score 46)](src/Exercises/ThreeLettersRecursive/Solution.cs)

## DisappearingPairs
Reduce a string containing instances of the letters "A", "B" and "C" via the following rule: remove one occurrence of "AA", "BB" or "CC".

[Solution (Score 83%)](src/Exercises/DisappearingPairsSimple/Solution.cs)

[Alternate solution (Score 83%)](src/Exercises//DisappearingPairs/Solution.cs)

## StrSymmetryPoint
Find a symmetry point of a string, if any.

[Solution (Score 100%)](src/Exercises/StrSymmetryPoint/Solution.cs)

## TreeHeight
Compute the height of a binary tree.

[Solution (Score 100%)](src/Exercises/TreeHeight/Solution.cs)

## ArrayInversionCount
Compute number of inversion in an array.

[Solution (Score 100%)](src/Exercises/ArrayInversionCount/Solution.cs)

## ParkingBill
Given two strings representing times of entry and exit from a car parking lot, find the cost of the ticket according to the given billing rules.

[Solution (Score 100%)](src/Exercises/ParkingBill/Solution.cs)

## ParityDegree
Find the highest power of 2 that divides N.

[Solution (Score 100%)](src/Exercises/ParityDegree/Solution.cs)

## TennisTournament
Given the number of players P and the number of reserved courts C, returns the maximum number of games that can be played in parallel.

[Solution](src/Exercises/TennisTournament/Solution.cs)

## Disclaimer:
* Answers are my own and are published here as a way to keep track of them.
* Tests are copyrighted by Codility Limited.
